Subdetectors (and L0) (#23)
lhcb/glossary: glossary/e.md

Group responsible for ensuring that all LHCb publications are consistent with the standards and style of the collaboration.

## ECAL: Electromagnetic Calorimeter {#ECAL}

> The purpose of the ECAL is to stop and measure the energy of electrons and photons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the ECAL is to measure the energy of electrons/photons and prevent them from travelling further through the detector.
```
